So here I am on a simple example form just to get started,
the code responsible for it is this HTML code in the template of my app component here
and you can find this code attached to this lecture here.
Now it's a simple form,
we're going to expand it or enhance it with some features throughout this module, to get started,
this is just fine.
Now if we have a look at this HTML code,
you will quickly realize that on the form tag here, I don't have the action attribute pointing to some
route,
I'm also not specifying the method attribute which typically would be post.
The reason for this is that this form should not get submitted to a server,
I don't want a HTTP request to be the result of me clicking the submit button, instead
as mentioned earlier, Angular should handle this form and therefore, I don't have an action on it.
This of course means that right now if I hit the submit button, nothing happens,
if you have a look at the refresh icon up there, you see it's not spinning, nothing happens because we're
not actually sending a request.
Well we will work on this but first, let's understand what actually happens behind the scenes and how
Angular infers such forms, create such a Javascript object for us as it does when using the template
driven approach.
Let's understand how we get Angular to create this form object for us.